in spring of 2011 we developed a new
column on design note called house note
and we really wanted to chronicle the
renovations of our house that designing
the decorating and just the day-to-day
living in the home when I walked into
this house and I saw that the entire
back of the house was made of glass I
was instantly sold my name is Jamie
derringer and I'm founder and executive
editor of the Stine blog called design
milk and the goal of design milk is to
bring you what's fresh in you in art
architecture style technology and
obviously the modern design windows and
doors are not only functional letting
natural light in from the Sun or evening
sky their architectural or design
elements that can literally transform
any room in the house hi I'm Keith
Coleman president and owner of hamilton
building supply in southern new jersey
we're a lumber and building material
dealer glossa specializes in no work
namely Marvin windows and doors my
husband and I lived in California for a
few years and we love the indoor/outdoor
living and we loved the California ranch
style so when we saw this home we knew
that that's what we wanted when I first
met with Jaime she showed me her new
kitchen which she was really excited
about it's clean sharp contemporary and
has that sort of warm and high-quality
feel associated with
we installed a lot of high-end finishes
and appliances but the one thing that we
ignored were the vinyl siding doors well
when I first saw Jamie's existing vinyl
door unit it was a real contradiction to
her existing kitchen the screen system
didn't work well
the right panel really didn't operate
well at all I could tell that the door
wasn't being too energy-efficient as
well given the way that it was operating
we have a pretty big heating bill so I
would love to have doors in there that
would help improve or lower my eating
crops some of the Marvin options we
discussed were an interior species that
might match the interior finish of our
family tree we also talked about maybe a
funky light cut that could make an
architectural statement and we also
talked about maybe beefing up the styles
and rail dimensions of the of the doors
the interesting thing about Marvin
products is there are so many different
options that we can provide individuals
with we call them customized options and
because everything is made to order we
can really drill down and give people
exactly what they're looking for we
recommended that Jamie make use of
Marvin's four panel sliding French door
unit with an exterior by flat casing we
also recommended Marvin's architectural
hardware and satin nickel for the
interior and white for the exterior
Marvin has a nationwide network of local
dealers they know their surroundings
their communities we work with seasoned
professionals who are very familiar with
the product that's why we use folks like
Lou Cash Montgomery Builders they've
been in the business for a long time
they stand behind their work and
I don't think there's any other
manufacturer out there that can
customize the way that Martin's able to
customize from interior wood species to
colors various clad casings light
divisions screening options runs the
full gamut just about anything that you
can think of in terms of windows and
doors
Marvin's willing to customize what we'd
love to do is to put in new doors that
feel and look as quality as the other
finishes and materials we've put in the
kitchen
you